[GraFx Studio] Sitecore Content Hub - Connector (#465)
chili-publish/grafx-documentation: docs/GraFx-Studio/connectors/connector-sitecore-content-hub/index.md

# Media Connector for Sitecore Content Hub

|  | Connector Type |
| --- | --- |
|  | Built-in |
| :fontawesome-regular-square-check: | Built by CHILI publish |
|  | Third party |

[See Connector Types](/GraFx-Studio/concepts/connectors/#types-of-connectors)

## Installation

[See Installation Through Connector Hub](/GraFx-Studio/guides/connector-hub/)

## Configuration

### Base Configuration

Your instance of the Connector needs to know which Sitecore Content Hub instance it should communicate with and how to authenticate.

Once installed, navigate to the Connector overview and select **Sitecore Content Hub**. Start with **Configuration**.

![screenshot-full](sch06.png)

![screenshot-full](sch01.png)

Consult your Sitecore System Admin to obtain the correct values for the fields.

### Authentication

> Select your type of authentication. Currently, only OAuth 2.0 is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your type of authentication. Currently, OAuth 2.0 Resource Owner Password and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code (Browser only) are supported.
```

![screenshot](sch02.png)

You will need specific credentials from your Sitecore Content Hub installation to set up the connector:

> - **Client ID** and **Client Secret**: These are customer-specific credentials provided by the Sitecore Admin when creating integrations within Sitecore.

Reviewer: Include information about fields for OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code.

In addition worth to mention somewhere that to be able use Authorization Code, configuration from the Sitecore about allowed redirect URLs should include redirect url of installed connector
`https://<env-name>.chili-publish.online/grafx/api/v1/environment/<env-name>/connectors/<connector-id>/auth/oauth-authorization-code/redirect`

For example:
- A marketing team uses GraFx Studio to connect to Sitecore Content Hub. The admin configures the connector with specific credentials.
- Based on these credentials, users can only access assets they are authorized to view according to Sitecore's governance policies.

## Using Assets from Your Sitecore Content Hub System

### Place Assets in Your Template

- Select the Sitecore Content Hub Connector.

![screenshot-full](sch07.png)

![screenshot-full](sch08.png)

![screenshot-full](sch09.png)

Depending on the configuration, you may need to authenticate.

![screenshot-full](sch10.png)

- Once authenticated, Sitecore assets behave like any other asset in GraFx Studio.

### Image Variables

When using [image variables](/GraFx-Studio/guides/template-variables/assign/#assign-template-variable-to-image-frame), you will see the same list of assets when selecting an image.

![screenshot-full](var01.png)

### Configuration Options

#### Introduction

To filter the assets suggested to template users, you can use categories, keywords, or other search parameters.

> Sitecore Content Hub supports search queries through its query language. Consult the [Sitecore Documentation](https://doc.sitecore.com/ch/en/developers/cloud-dev/linq-queries.html) or your Sitecore Content Hub Administrator for guidance.

Reviewer 2: the links should be here https://doc.sitecore.com/ch/en/developers/cloud-dev/generic-properties.html

Author: Tx!
